feat: opt styling doc (#181)
lynx-family/lynx-website: docs/en/guide/ui/styling.mdx

In the case above，both two selectors, `bg-gradient` and `bg-color` are taking effect on the `<view>`，and they are both changing the `background` property.
Following the specification of the cascade, the class appears later in the document covers the earlier one, thus the rectangle should be red.

> ## CSS Variables and opt-in Inheritance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## CSS Variables and Opt-in Inheritance
```

title case

Author: fixed

Lynx supports [CSS custom properties](/api/css/properties/css-variable.mdx) (CSS variables) and opt-in CSS inheritance for dynamic styling and theming.

> CSS custom properties are inherited by default, while ordinary CSS properties require explicit configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CSS custom properties are inherited by default, while regular (non-custom) CSS properties require explicit configuration.
```

Author: fixed
